native-app/README.md, before:

# Machine Health App (React Native Expo)

Welcome to the Machine Health App, a React Native Expo project designed to evaluate the health of various machines in an automobile factory. This README will guide you on setting up and running the app, as well as understanding its structure.

## Getting Started

To get started with the app, follow these steps:

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, make sure you have the following software installed on your development machine:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (LTS version recommended)
- [Yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install/) (package manager)
- [Expo CLI](https://docs.expo.dev/get-started/installation/) (for running Expo projects)

### Installation

```bash
yarn
```

### Running the App

To run the app, use the following command:

```bash
yarn start
```

This will launch the Expo development server, and you can access the app on your device using the Expo Go app or an emulator. You can hit `i` or `a` on the keyboard to launch the ios or android app respectively.

## Project Structure

The project structure is organized as follows:

- `App.tsx`: The entry point of the Expo app, where the navigation is configured.
- `components/`: Contains reusable components used throughout the app.
- `app/`: Contains individual screens or pages/tabs of the app.
- `data/`: Stores JSON files with machine and part data for evaluation.

## Screens and Features

The app has the following screens and features:

- **Machine Health**: Allows users to select a machine, part name, and part value, and calculates the health score of the machine.

## Adding Tests

You are free to choose how you'd like to test this repo, think about options and approaches and build out (and document!) what you think would be an appropriate testing infrastructure. Hint: think about a combo of unit tests and integration tests, there is an android APK in the root of the exercise if it's helpful.

## Customization

If you would like, feel free to modify the app as needed.


 I have used firebase client SDK for the authentication of the user. and the uid is stored inside the redux store. I have used redux for the state management of the app. The uid and the scores is sent through the api

Commit message:

Add assessment solution and instructions for running the backend and native app

native-app/README.md, after:

# Machine Health App (React Native Expo)

Welcome to the Machine Health App, a React Native Expo project designed to evaluate the health of various machines in an automobile factory. This README will guide you on setting up and running the app, as well as understanding its structure.

## Getting Started

To get started with the app, follow these steps:

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, make sure you have the following software installed on your development machine:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (LTS version recommended)
- [Yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install/) (package manager)
- [Expo CLI](https://docs.expo.dev/get-started/installation/) (for running Expo projects)

### Installation

```bash
yarn
```

### Running the App

To run the app, use the following command:

```bash
yarn start
```

This will launch the Expo development server, and you can access the app on your device using the Expo Go app or an emulator. You can hit `i` or `a` on the keyboard to launch the ios or android app respectively.

## Project Structure

The project structure is organized as follows:

- `App.tsx`: The entry point of the Expo app, where the navigation is configured.
- `components/`: Contains reusable components used throughout the app.
- `app/`: Contains individual screens or pages/tabs of the app.
- `data/`: Stores JSON files with machine and part data for evaluation.

## Screens and Features

The app has the following screens and features:

- **Machine Health**: Allows users to select a machine, part name, and part value, and calculates the health score of the machine.

## Adding Tests

You are free to choose how you'd like to test this repo, think about options and approaches and build out (and document!) what you think would be an appropriate testing infrastructure. Hint: think about a combo of unit tests and integration tests, there is an android APK in the root of the exercise if it's helpful.

## Customization

If you would like, feel free to modify the app as needed.

Assessment Solution:

# Clone the repo

Clone the repo from the Link: https://github.com/Sowri19/EngineeringChallenge

# How to run:

After cloning the repo, run the following commands in the terminal

1. cd native-app
2. yarn install
3. yarn start
4. you can run the app in the expo go app, in the emulator or web browser by pressing the respective keys in the terminal.

# Packages used:

1. react-native
2. react-redux
3. firebase client sdk
4. styled-components
5. react-native-chart-kit

I have used firebase client SDK for the authentication of the user. and the uid is stored inside the redux store. I have used redux for the state management of the app. The uid and the scores is sent through the api. also the history of the scores is stored in the redux store and retrived to show the history of the scores in the charts.

I have used created new tab screen for chart and history. I have used styled components for styling the app.

I have created components -> modules-> App structure for the app.

The firebase configuration is stored in the authentication.ts file in the modules folder. all the keys are public and no need to hide the keys.
